The transcript segment for the **Mission Control** chapter (32:37 - 38:43) is as follows:

"With that being said, let's talk about mission control. And also, I did a whole live boot camp a couple weeks ago on mission control in the vibe coding academy as well. It's 2 hours long, so if you want to go super in-depth on this, link for that down below. But this is my mission control. What is mission control exactly? Mission control is your own software hub for your open claw. Anytime your open claw needs a new tool or a custom tool to accomplish something, it gets built in your mission control. Now, this is not made by default. This doesn't come with openclaw. I had my own openclaw build it. But what you should be doing is you should be going to your openclaw and you should say, 'Hey, build a mission control where we can custom build any tools we need.' And what your open claw will do is it will actually vibe code this website, this mission control. And then what you'll do as you work together, you'll say, 'Oh, you know, we should have a a cananband board to track our task. Please build a task board.' Or you'll go, 'Oh, I want to visualize all you guys and all you agents. Can you build an office space and I can watch you guys work?' And it will go and vibe code all these custom tools in your mission control. 

Now, the question becomes, which tools should you have in your mission control? I'll go through the important ones. Now, I'd highly recommend building a calendar tool. So this is a tool that shows you all the scheduled tasks your open claw does every single day. So you can verify that your open claw actually schedule tasks for itself. That's a big challenge a lot of people have is they'll say, 'Hey, do this for me in the future.' And then it doesn't actually do it. This calendar view does a great job of showing you when it actually schedules tasks to be done. We have the memory section. So I talked about this in the last section. This is a custom tool inside mission control where I can see all our past memories. So this is great for verifying what my open claw remembers and I can go back and see our past discussions. Here I also have a docs section. This is a section where every document and every artifact my open claw makes, it puts it in the doc section so I can go back and read it. So if you do something like, hey, build me a PRD for this app I'm thinking about building. It will create a doc and put it here. This is much better than the other system which is it sends it to you in Telegram and then a few days later it's like a thousand messages up in the chat. You want your own doc section. I also have an office section and this is just for fun. Listen, you're allowed to have fun when doing this. Not everything needs to be a hyper optimized workflow. You can build tools that are just fun, right? And so I built an office. This is just a 2D pixel art way to watch my agents work at any given time. So I can just sit here while I'm at my desk and just see what my agents are up to. If you want, feel free to screenshot this. Give it your open call and say, 'Hey, build me a 2D office as well.' And then lastly, I think this is another important one you should build. And this is the team section. This just visualizes all your agents and sub agents. If you're just starting, you'll only probably have just your open clog going, but as you go, you'll add on more agents and more sub agents. I also have a video on like spinning up sub agents. I think it was actually my last video, so feel free to check that out on my channel, too. But this is a good way just to see who you have working for you, what their responsibilities are, and just make it easier for you to remember what agents you got going at any given time. Get these tools set up. Again, feel free to just take the link to this video, give it to OpenClaw, and say, 'Hey, copy his mission control.'"